W-22669189-banners-omni-fa (#657)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-instance-task-agent-tool.adoc

:product: flex

:page-aliases: create-instance-task-a2a.adoc, create-instance-task-mcp.adoc

> :page-notice-banner-message: Use the enhanced MuleSoft experience to secure and monitor APIs across providers, apply governance policies to external gateways, and manage LLM usage, costs, and routing with consistent governance across models. <a href="https://docs.mulesoft.com/general/exp-instances-add" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Learn More</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-notice-banner-message: Use the enhanced MuleSoft experience to secure and monitor services across providers, apply governance policies, and manage LLM usage, costs, and routing with consistent governance across models. <a href="https://docs.mulesoft.com/general/exp-instances-add" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Learn More</a>.
```

Reviewer: I don't think you can apply policies to external gateways. I'd also think about it as apply a policy to a service and not the gateway.

I'd also add this banner to these pages:

https://dev-docs-internal.kdev.msap.io/beta-omni-apim-relaunch/api-manager/latest/create-instance-task-mcp-bridge
https://dev-docs-internal.kdev.msap.io/beta-omni-apim-relaunch/api-manager/latest/create-instance-public-exchange
https://dev-docs-internal.kdev.msap.io/beta-omni-apim-relaunch/api-manager/latest/create-instance-task-flex
